Messages from two sources are sent to a satellite communication system which has $7$ circuits for handling the submitted messages. The two sources 1 and 2 consist of M_1 = 8 and $M_2 = 12$ users respectively. Each user of type $j$ generates messages for the satellite according to a Poisson process with rate $\lambda_1 = 0.25$, $\lambda_2 = 0.4$ whenever the user has no message in service at the satellite, and generates no new messages otherwise. The users act independently of each other. Each circuit is able to handle a message of any type but can transmit only one message at a time. The communication system is observed every $\eta > 0$ units of time and a controller makes decisions at times $0, \eta, 2\eta, \dots$. At each decision epoch, the controller observes the number of new messages generated by the users, and decides which of those to admit to the system and which to reject. No queueing is allowed inside the satellite communication system, so the controller can only admit a message to a free circuit. The handling time (in number of time units $\eta$) of a type $j$ message has discrete probability distribution $h_j(x)$:

\begin{table}[h!]
    \centering
    \begin{tabular}{c|c|c|c|c}
        $x$ & $1$ & $2$ & $3$ & $4$ \\ \hline
        $h_1(x)$ & $0.25$ & $0.25$ & $0.25$ & $0.25$ \\ \hline
        $h_2(x)$ & $0.60$ & $0.30$ & $0.10$ & $0.00$
    \end{tabular}
    \caption{Handling time}
    \label{tab:hantime1}
\end{table}

Rejecting a type $j$ message costs $c_1 = 3$, $c_2 = 1$. Determine an admission control policy that minimizes the long-run rejection costs. \\

\subsection{Problem with smaller state space}
We adjust some of the variables, such that the state space of the problem will decrease. We will only discuss the variables that change, the rest will stay the same as in the original problem. The satellite communication system has $3$ circuits for handling the submitted messages. The two sources $1$ and $2$ consist of $M_1 = 4$ and $M_2 = 6$ users respectively. The handling time of a type $j$ message has discrete probability distribution $h_j(x)$:
\begin{table}[h!]
    \centering
    \begin{tabular}{c|c|c}
        $x$ & $1$ & $2$ \\ \hline
        $h_1(x)$ & $0.20$ & $0.80$ \\ \hline
        $h_2(x)$ & $0.92$ & $0.08$
    \end{tabular}
    \caption{Handling time}
    \label{tab:hantime2}
\end{table}
